all right you guys so it's basically
pretty cold out here the truck it's
covered with some snack this garbage can
storage tank is frozen a little test
tank guys just want to show you ice
fishing man water underneath there and
this will tank I'm gonna show you over
here was frozen like that this morning
only difference was had the pump was
down underneath the ice for this frozen
down across here there's the one little
two-by-twos I've been messing around
with storm door glass single pane steel
stud around the outside half inch
fittings on the side circletine copper
on aluminum flashing now can argue about
efficiencies there is some insulation in
the back too and on the side this could
be riser pattern better flow rate but
then you got a bunch of joints you got a
solder and then you could have a failure
at a solder joint so it's not a pissing
contest about the best designer the most
efficient design I think personally it's
about doesn't work and can you keep the
cost down at least get something going
so
this was frozen about an hour so ago the
water texture is 45:46 we around there
so we're using a DC pump and we're
pumping the water out of the tank into
the serpentine and then it's coming back
around back down so you could use it for
livestock keeping livestock tank open
during the day you can use it for
radiant floor heating in the greenhouse
lots of different things
alright just want to show you doesn't
have to be expensive stuff this I got
like 15 bucks and this you can build
this for like 15 dollars if you want to
do some bigger stuff like for the home
radiant heating or just have higher
temperatures no two or three of them and
hook them all together alright peace